Remove need to call initializeLayerList for local service registers (#314)
Dataport/polar: packages/core/CHANGELOG.md

## unpublished

> - Feature: Remove need of calling `rawLayerList.initializeLayerList` when creating a client using a local service register.
> - Chore: Add teardown hints for single page application to README file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Chore: Add documentation regarding optionality of calling `rawLayerList.initializeLayerList` when creating a client using a local service register.
- Chore: Add teardown hints for single page application to README file.
```
Since there's nothing implemented, I'd rather sort this into `Chore` since it's documentation.

Author: Moved e2fb4df195ac3527430128eee803add2fbc51411
